AAP-27696 Create Using Ansible Plug-ins guide (#1635)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/devtools/ref-rhdh-discover-collections.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="rhdh-discover-collections_{context}"]
= Discovering collections

From the *Overview* page in the Ansible plug-ins dashboard on {RHDH}, click *Discover Existing Collections*.

The links in this pane provide access to the source of reusable automation content collections that you configured during plug-in installation. 

> If you configured {PrivateHubName} when installing the plug-in, you can click *Go to Automation Hub* to view the collections and execution environments that your enterprise has curated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you configured {PrivateHubName} when installing the plug-in, you can click *Go to Automation Hub* to view the collections and {ExecEnvShort}s that your enterprise has curated. 
```
